Remove no return warning from val/test step (#6139)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `checkpoint` parameter to callback's `on_save_checkpoint` hook ([#6072](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6072))

> - Added no return warning to predict ([#6139](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6139))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added warning when predict returns no predictions ([#6139](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6139))
```
This is misleading. You don't say "added no wheels to car to drive" xD

Author: :laughing: .... thanks :+1:

- Removed support for passing a bool value to `profiler` argument of Trainer ([#6164](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6164))

> - Removed no return warning from val/test step ([#6139](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6139))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed warning message for val/test step with no return value ([#6139](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6139))
```
